Add setSpan to custom instrumentation (#4359)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/common/performance.mdx

$transactionContext->setOp('http.caller');
$transaction = \Sentry\startTransaction($transactionContext);

> // Setting the transaction to the current Hub, this allows you to retrieve the current transaction
> SentrySdk::getCurrentHub()->setSpan($transaction);

Reviewer: We namespace everything so you can copy-pasta this in working without imports.

```suggestion
// Setting the transaction to the current Hub allows you to retrieve it later
\Sentry\SentrySdk::getCurrentHub()->setSpan($transaction);
```
